All right, so let's look at this reading list here and added list image for each one of these books.
So let's go to our book list.
There you have the list of the books is good and what is they don't want to do?
Well, let's look.
It is horizontal.
So can structure go to Liscard?
That's what we want to do here.
So, OK, so here we are passing just this book first.
That's OK.
We need something to show.
They can just delete for now, all of that just say and book like this.
Of course, our preview is going.
It's going to look very strange.
That's OK.
OK, I like that.
OK, so let's find image painter right here.
This is no longer needed.
Thank you very much for your service.
Now we're going to pass the real image, say, book.
And it's a photo you're able to string like this.
OK.
Let's give it a run, think now we should see the correct images.
OK, there we go.
Look at that.
These are correct images.
Look at this.
I can actually remember I can still go and add the book.
Well, this ad is programmatic flatter.
And go back, we should see how we go.
All right.
This is great, so it's looking really good.
So at this point here, all the books that we're seeing were receiving the same kind of books.
It makes sense.
We're just not filtering any further.
But it is that, first of all, we want to be able to click on this book first and go to the edit,
go to the edit or update screen.
What are we going to be able to say?
OK, now I'm reading this book, so this needs to go somewhere else.
In this case, it's going to be up here.
OK, so we need to filter through.
But before that, let's go ahead and navigate to the update screen.
So this case and say enough controller because I have access to traffic controllers c c dot navigate
passing a route.
It's going to be readers, readers, screen screens.
That is an update, screen name and what I want to do.
You'll see I'll have to pass something.
I'm going to pass the edit, which is going to be the string this case, uh, the title of this book.
Now we're not done yet because what are we doing here is that we're passing it as a parameter or argument.
So that means I have to go back to our navigation.
It's the same thing we did before.
So here you have to tell name.
So I'm going to do the same thing because we need to pass something to our composable in this case is
going to be on that search screen.
We don't have the details, do we?
We're going to do it.
So I'm going to say file update name such.
In fact, yeah, they name a search.
Let's say readers or reader screen's going to see update screen that name.
OK, and then I'm going to create a composable, of course.
And in this case, and we're past it as a route, I'm going to just actually use the update name and
such because I'm going to pass something else.
It's going to be the book.
Item, I'd like this and then I'm going to pass arguments.
It's going to be a list of them could see the list of.
And in this case, I'm going to say nav arguments here and is going to be book.
Item I.D., that's exactly what we had before.
OK.
And they're going to use the camera there to construct.
To pass the type.
Well, the type here is going to be a string Typekit was a type.
String type like this, and then of course, we have another lambda here, so have the knife backs stack
entry.
This will allow us to pass.
Other metadata won't say back stack or like this works.
And then here I'm going to be able to say, well, back well, nav in this case, back stack entry,
see arguments.
This will allow us then to pass or receive that data when we go to Where Are We going?
Which is going to be the book haptic screen, OK?
And I'm going to say get string and pass the key.
What is the key book item I.D.?
I say, let past that block there.
I'm going to set things up.
I say and pass the book details or update screen.
I'm going to pass the nav controller.
It's going to be able to control that we have upstairs and then I'm going to pass the book item ID,
which is going to be the book.
Item.
Well, actually, the itinerary passing here to two.
All right, we have an issue here because our book a screen doesn't have any of those parameters, so
go ahead and add those.
That's fine.
Add that one to.
OK, now if we go there, we should see that we have these things set up, the beauty here also is kind
of going to pass if you model, which is going to be the home screen view model such as, say, helped
the model.
We'll use that.
OK, so what I'm going to do, I want to put a scaffold here because I want to structure everything.
You do the same thing we did before when I say top bar past that.
And then we're going to have this over our top bar.
I'm going to use our reader app.
Bar title is going to be update book and control is going to be enough control that we're passing before
any of this.
I'm going to pass a few other parameters here to customize even further when I pass an icon.
It's going to be icons dot default arrow back in this pass show profile to false like this?
All right.
Very good.
That set up that same thing we did with the other screens as well, like search screen.
OK.
So what do we do next here?
Well.
Well, we're going to do the same thing we did earlier, which is we're going to produce a new state
here because we want to get those values right.
When I say Val, book info.
We've seen this before.
We produce state.
Initial, let's make sure that this state is attached to a Typekit, which is going to be a data.
Let's just put that in CYA data or exception type, which is going to be a list of M books and then
we're going to pass.
Let's pretty new line Boolean.
Line exception like this initial value, I'm just going to say directly, that's going to be data or
exception.
Data is going to just be, let's see, empty list, and then I'm going to say true for loading bullion
and know for exception here this is going to say nothing empty there.
OK, so our producer here can be a lambada.
I'm going to do so like that.
So and so I'm going to have value.
I'm going to set that up with World View model that data, that value and done.
So we're going to also extract that value, which is going to be data or exception value.
If you have over an hour book info, it's going to be of this type, which is exactly what we want.
OK, so I'm going to create a surface here
and pass a modifier,
say Phil.
Max size just to hit all of them and then the padding.
Three deep.
OK.
And I'm going to put a column in this column.
Let's put a modifier.
The padding is going to be top three TATP like that.
Now the vertical arrangement arrangement.
Top see say top like that.
OK and horizontal alignment, so alignment, so centered horizontal like this can just import guys fine.
So here is where we are going to just had some to see if we're getting something from our view model
dot data and value that date again to a string like that.
Let's call this.
Info like this.
OK, let's see if we run this, we're going to be able to see something when we click each one of our
books.
OK, let's go a quick.
All right.
Nothing broke, so hopefully if I say info like this, OK, looks like info.
Wonderful.
So as always, first goes empty, empty and then at some point get stuff.
So that's great.
That means then we can actually look.
Let's go ahead and remove this again.
We can look at book.
Enfoque is going to have information about our object here, right?
You can check, right?
So here you can check to see if book info dot loading.
If that's true, or actually probably have to say it's equal to true.
OK, because the state won't say linear progress indicator as such.
And then right after we say book info again and shut it off.
So loading to false.
And then in any other case, if I'm just going to say for now, text field model data add value data.
It's a list.
I'm going to say just get the first book and I want to get the title.
OK, let's go ahead and.
Like that?
Let's go ahead and just see what will happen.
Click y la.
So we're getting the correct information.
I think I don't have this book back set up.
Let's go to update.
Where do we have right?
I need to say here because it is indeed going to say now controller that pop back like this.
All right.
That's right.
Again, at least we know it's working because we're getting the correct books.
This one.
Oops.
Looks like I'm getting a bright right makes sense because I'm just getting a hardcoded the book and
just getting the first book.
So that's why each time you can go back, that's working out.
It's great.
I just get the same book any time, so it's good.
It's real good.
So next, we are going to, of course, structure our update here so that we can actually sourcing the
book and then go from there.